## Doodle Polls App

#### Description
This is a simple microservice exposing three REST endpoints to fetch doodle polls based on the given criteria.

#### Technologies used
After studying carefully the JSON file provided to bootstrap the polls database, I saw that the JSON structure could fit
more into a NO-SQL document based database, given its variable structure and adding more flexibility to search directly 
using JSON queries.
I chose MongoDB , and for me this is the first time to use it, but i liked it.
I also chose Springboot as a Java framework to build this microservice.
Eventually, the microservice is containerized using docker, and it runs along the containerized MongoDb using 
docker-compose.

#### Code Design
The code design is very simple, since the database is already bootstrapped, all what is required was to write some code 
to expose the REST endpoints for the required fetching options. For this I used directly the `RepositoryRestResource` 
offered by spring-data-rest , that would expose the Polls resources into the configured endpoints.
I also generated Java models for the given JSON data (auto-generated), although it was not very necessary, as there wasn't
any required processing to be done on the loaded data, but for me I consider that it gives better readability and better 
overview to the whole model as well as better maintainability to the service itself on the code level.

#### How To Run
To Run the whole system, you don't need to build any code, you can just check the code out, and simply run
 `docker-compose up --build` this will cause docker-compose to build the app including the database, it also maven 
 builds the source code automatically so that no further action is required by the user.

#### EndPoints
As mentioned before, the REST endpoints are generated by the spring framework, and they are very flexible to reach and explore.
To explore the app endpoints, simple navigate to `http://localhost:9090/polls` after running the system, where all the polls
will show up, and below them, links generated for pagination and searching.
To explore the searching links, simply navigate to `http://localhost:9090/polls/search` where the three ways of searching 
by criteria are exposed.
Here are examples on how to use them:
 - Search by Title (contains) : `http://localhost:9090/polls/search/byTitle?title=Petit%20Jay`
 - Search by Initiator Name (contains) : `http://localhost:9090/polls/search/byInitiator?initiatorName=John`
 - Search by Initiated Date After : `http://localhost:9090/polls/search/initiatedAfter?initiated=2017-01-25`
